[training 'Volto'] Update instructions for setting up a simple backend (#726)
plone/training: docs/volto/bootstrap.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description": "Setting up backend and frontend"
    "property=og:description": "Setting up backend and frontend"

>     "property=og:title": "Bootstrapping A Volto project"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:title": "Bootstrapping a Volto project"
```

    "keywords": "Plone, Volto"
---

(bootstrap-volto-label)=

> # Bootstrapping A Volto project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Bootstrapping a Volto project
```

```{note}

> It is recommended to work on a Linux or Mac.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to work on Linux or macOS.
```

```

## Installing Plone backend

In order to run Volto you need a backend.
This can be either Plone or Guillotina.
For this course we will use Plone.

> Because we will focus on the frontend, for simplicity we install a backend as docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we will focus on the frontend, for simplicity we will install a backend in a Docker container.
```

> The installation of a Plone backend as docker container is being described at `docs.plone.org`: {ref}`plone6docs:install-containers-label`.

Reviewer: `docs.plone.org` still points to v5.

```suggestion
The installation of a Plone backend in a Docker container is described in {ref}`plone6docs:install-containers-label`.
```

> In short: Create a directory `backend` and run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, create a directory named `backend`, and run the following command.
```

> ```{code-block} shell

Reviewer: `code-block` is only needed when you want to get fancy with reStructuredText features, such as line numbers and emphasizing lines.

````suggestion
```shell
````

npm install -g yo @plone/generator-volto
```

> ## Bootstrapping A project

Reviewer: I'm concerned with this heading getting confused with the page title. Perhaps this?

```suggestion
## Create a Volto project
```
